Hi. I'm Bess Klander,
and I teach Spanish 1 and 3 right now at high school in Virginia.
I got Flangoo this year because I have been using novels in class,
CI novels in class for a couple years now,
and with the virus,
and the back-and-forth nature of hybrid, and in person,
and on-line, and all the stuff,
I decided that it would be a lot better to have something that the kids could access here,
at school, and at home, and, you know...wherever.
So, it's been really good in that aspect for me,
and for the kids, they're always able to access it.
Customer service has been really, really great about getting us back on track.
I don't have any complaints about Flangoo. I've really enjoyed having been adding more, and more titles
since I signed up in the fall.
The kids seem to like it.
I love it.
I guess that's all I've got to say.